+3I/-0L
false
You walk the beaten path up to the north of the field and there you’re met with large boulders standing together in some sort of formation. All of them with some sort of inscription. “Are ye’ interested in what they mean lad?” you hear a voice call out from behind. Standing behind you is a white-haired man with only a few teeth left. Somewhat startled you mumble out a ‘yes’. “Ah, then I shall teach you what these runes signify… you see, the people of our lands were once a savage people with many Gods and with an insatiable thirst for blood and plunder.” “And what of wisdom? Did they have anything to offer the mind?” you ask. “Aye, these runes offer plenty of that too! Let us begin.” As the summer sun is about to settle in the west, you suddenly realize how much time you’ve spent learning with the old hermit. And as you say your farewells he hands you a book, and says, “My life’s work is written down here, now that you know how to read, it may be of use to you.”
No txt
+3S/-3L
false 
You find the beaten path going east to the forest. As you get closer to the forest you hear the distinct sounds of some commotion coming from there. Trying your best to be sneaky, you move closer slowly. Behind a pair of bushes you peek your head out and see two bear cubs wrestling each other, and apparently you must’ve made some noise as they both turn and face you. Even though they are cubs and cute, they’re almost as big as you. You step out of the bush and for some reason you can tell that they want to wrestle with you, and it doesn’t take more than a second before they both rush towards you. At first you fear that they might bite you hard, but on the contrary their bites are playful and harmless. You match up well against them using not only your strength but also your cunning of balance and technique. It’s all fun and games, but suddenly you hear a powerful roar coming from the distance, and in an instance you realize it’s time to run as you see the cubs’ mother come charging towards you. Letting go off the cubs you sprint back on the field, making it back in one piece.
You find the beaten path going east to the forest. As you get closer to the forest you hear the distinct sounds of some commotion coming from there. Trying your best to be sneaky, you move closer slowly. Behind a pair of bushes you peek your head out and see two bear cubs wrestling each other, and apparently you must’ve made some noise as they both turn and face you. Even though they are cubs and cute, they’re almost as big as you. You step out of the bush and for some reason you can tell that they want to wrestle with you, and it doesn’t take more than a second before they both rush towards you. At first you fear that they might bite you hard, but on the contrary their bites are playful and harmless. You match up well against them using not only your strength but also your cunning of balance and technique. It’s all fun and games, but suddenly you hear a powerful roar coming from the distance, and in an instance you realize it’s time to run as you see the cubs’ mother come charging towards you. You try to get the cubs off you but they’re paws hamper your escape, and with a mind filled with terror you scream out in agony as the jaws of the big bear rips off a chunk of flesh from your shoulder. There is nothing left to do but to die. 
+3T/-3L
false
Walking aimlessly to the west you finally reach the end of the field, and there you find a small little pond to dip your feet in. Sitting with your feet in the cool water you glance at your surroundings. “There really isn’t much to do here…” you say to yourself in disappointment, but as you’ve just made the comment, a wolf appears out of the bushes on the other side of the pond. You’re instantly filled with a dose of adrenaline and your pulse is pounding so hard it feels like a vein is about to burst open. Your focus is solely on the wolf as it tries to get closer, but you suddenly remember that wolves always hunt in packs. You shift your sight around to see if there are any other wolves coming at you –  there are. In fact, there isn’t much else to do than to jump into the pond. Standing in the center of it with water reaching all the way up to your waist, you batter your mind around what to do about the pack of wolves that have the pond surrounded. You try to call for help but to no avail, you splash some water at the wolves but it doesn’t deter them. Finally, you realize that the bottom of the pond is filled with pebbles and you reach down to fetch a handful. The first throws are complete misses, but this is your life at stake and it doesn’t take long before you hit one of the wolves right in one of their eyes! The wolf squeals out in pain and runs off, seeing it go you feel a surge of victory – you can do this. Miss, miss, HIT! Another wolf loses an eye and runs off. You bring up a new set of pebbles from the bottom and the three remaining wolves look as if they have no interest in losing one of their eyes as well, and storms off.
Walking aimlessly to the west you finally reach the end of the field, and there you find a small little pond to dip your feet in. Sitting with your feet in the cool water you glance at your surroundings. “There really isn’t much to do here…” you say to yourself in disappointment, but as you’ve just made the comment, a wolf appears out of the bushes on the other side of the pond. You’re instantly filled with a dose of adrenaline and your pulse is pounding so hard it feels like a vein is about to burst open. Your focus is solely on the wolf as it tries to get closer, and on the ground you grab a pointy stick. “Come if you wish to be pierced to death, wolf!” you yell at it, but just as you think you’ve been able to scare it – fangs plunge right into the skin of both of your legs, by two wolves who had snuck up behind you. You thrash with your limbs to no avail, and in the pain and agony of being torn apart by the hungry pack – you curse yourself for not remembering that wolves always hunt together in packs!