+3S/-3L
false
Unfazed by the threats of violence you methodically unbutton your shirt and fold it, before laying it down on an oak stump to the side. Walking back into the center in silence you hear the sound of gasps from some of the boys, most likely from seeing your muscular body. “Bring it then!” you roar. “Come on lads! He’s just one whoreson! He can’t beat us all!” Richard calls out, trying to rally them up. Like hyenas they begin to circle you, looking to sneak up behind you, but each time they try – you quickly turn to face your attacker. “Hey, come watch! They’re having a fight over here!” you hear a villager yell out, and in that brief moment of distraction one of the boys runs up and swings at your head. His fist nearly snubs your nose as you lean back, and once it passes by your face – you muster all your might into one devastating counter blow. Moving with your whole body, time seems to slow down as your fist collides with his chin. You hear the cracks of bones crushing, and as time flows back to normal your attacker drops to the ground like a sack of potatoes. The sound of his abnormal breathing, and the sight of the blood gushing out through his pulverized jaw stops everyone in their tracks. Everyone looks at him rattling in his pool of blood as you take your shirt and leave.
“I’m not afraid!” you proclaim, and bring your fists up. But your voice is just as shaky as your arms and legs. Fear has taken a hold of you and it’s there on full display for everyone to see. “Not afraid, you say, aye?” Richard asks with a scoff, and nods his head at one of his boys behind you. Suddenly, you’re pushed forward by a kick in your back, and without any balance, you stumble towards another attacker. “Eat this!” you hear, before a fist strikes you on the side of your jaw. The force of the punch makes you wobble in a different direction where you’re met with yet another attacker whose fist is waiting for you. Blow after blow you dart around inside the circle before one strike lands flush and you fall to the ground. There is no pain, not yet anyway, there is only the sense of pressure on your entire body, like it’s being pressed from every direction. You cannot open your eyes – much less move, the only sense you have left is the sound of the boys taking turns in kicking you. And that’s the last thing you remember before you die.
+3I/-2L
false
‘If I just spill a drop of hesitance mixed with fear – I’m not walking out of here… unscathed…’ the voice in your head reminds you. They are many, and they all seem to know how to throw a punch, but uncertainty and ambiguity can work wonders on the dull-minded that now have you fully surrounded. “You’re not even gonna try to run? Ha! I guess we should go easy on you for not making us have to chase after you!” Richard says, and is followed up with the laughter from his friends. “Why would I want to run off? You think I just wandered in here for no reason?” you reply convincingly, and tilt your head down a bit. A hint of confusion settles on their faces. “Uh, what do you mean? You came here for a reason? What reason?!” Richard asks, not knowing if he is in trouble or being made a fool. “Well, I guess there is no point in stalling… As I said before, I’m the son of Oscar the smith who in turn is under the direct command of our lord, and he has been tasked with fetching new healthy and strong conscripts… He asked me to come here and make sure you lot don’t run off while he fetch the bailiff, I hope you all said your goodbyes to your mothers,” you explain to them and then add, “oh, and I would suggest you don’t strike me while I’m conducting the lord’s wishes as it is a crime punishable by death.” All of them look at each other not knowing what to do. A few seconds of silence passes by as you all suddenly hear the sound of footsteps coming from behind the thick trees. “Come! I have them all rounded up here!” you yell out, and in an instance the boys start running away in the opposite direction.
“Don’t come any closer!” you desperately cry out.“ “Yea, and why is that?” You scramble for words and starts stuttering, “Yyyyou will regret it if you do” you blurt out with a cracked voice. The boy takes a few steps towards you and with malicious intents beaming through his eyes he says, “I think we both know who is going to be the one to regret,” and nods his head to his friends. You stand frozen in fear, as the boys begin to circle you like a pack of hyenas. A blow from behind has you stumbling forward where you're met with yet another punch. Like a ball you’re being pushed, punched and kicked around in the circle ‘till one lands flush on your chin and you fall to the ground. “He has had enough boys,” you hear one of them say, and you're left lying in the dirt.
+3T/-2L
false
You look and point at each boy and count them out loud, “One, two, three, four, five and six… Six against one. You lads are a brave bunch – it wouldn’t happen to be the name of your gang?” you say and stretch your arms out wide, “The Brave Bunch, six brave boys heroically going up against one.” “Shut your trap you whoreson! You’re just digging your own grave with those words,” Richard burst out. “Oh, so now you’re the ‘easily-offended brave bunch’, aye? Why don’t you live up to your name and fight me on your own? Or are you just too scared?” “Step back lads, and whatever happens don’t interfere,” Richard orders his goons, and pulls his sleeves up, “I’m going to leave you here lying on the ground, choking on your own blood.” Filled with rage he charges towards you, and by the looks of it he is clearly older and stronger than you – but not as fast and agile. Light on your feet you dodge the first swing and before he can follow up with another – you muster all the strength into one devastating kick right between his legs. The piercing shout of pain he gives out is so loud it probably could be heard throughout the whole village, and as he curls up into a fetal position – you look at the stunned faces of his friends as you grab a stone lying beside you. “Behold your mighty and brave leader!” you proclaim, as you lift the stone up, “choking on your own blood, just as you said,” you say before plunging the stone down on his jaw. The sound of bone cracking and the sight of blood mixed with severed teeth, you leave him in the dirt.
You try hard to come up with some brilliant way to resolve the situation you’ve found yourself in. But your feeble mind isn’t doing the trick, and as each second passes the fear inside of you is growing exponentially. “I’m not afraid!” you yell out, and bring your fists up in a last ditch effort. But your voice is just as shaky as your arms and legs. The fear has taken a hold of you and it’s there on full display for everyone to see. “Not afraid, you say, aye?” Richard asks with a scoff, and nods his head at one of his boys behind you. Suddenly, you’re pushed forward by a kick in your back, and without any balance, you stumble towards another attacker. “Eat this!” you hear, before a fist strikes you on the side of your jaw. The force of the punch makes you wobble in a different direction where you’re met with yet another attacker whose fist is waiting for you. Like a ball you’re being pushed, punched and kicked around in the circle ‘till one lands flush on your chin and you fall to the ground. “He has had enough boys,” you hear one of them say, and you're left lying in the dirt.