+20S/-3L
false
You’ve made up your mind. This is it: life or death. Even though you’ve never held a real sword your whole life you feel some innate connection to the blade as you pick it up unnoticed by the bandits. It’s not much heavier than the hammer you’re used to swing with, and with the element of surprise you thrust the blade in the back of one of the bandits. The blade pierces his cloth and flesh. Blood comes gushing out as you withdraw the blade. The remaining bandit goes for a quick swing at your head that you manage to parry, and in that instance the bailiff delivers a killing blow on him.
You feel uneasy to take up arms, the sword feels heavy in your frail hand as you pick it up discreetly. And even though you’ve never held a sword your whole life you’re determined to fight with all you got. With the element of surprise you ready yourself for a piercing strike at one of the bandits’ back, but just as you approach him you accidentally scrape some pebbles on the ground and your target turns around with his sword at the ready. “Ye try sneaking behind me back, aye?” He says and swings his sword horizontally at you. You manage to parry the strike just barely, you know you won’t be able to take another blow like that. He swings again with such force that when the two blades collide you lose the grip of the blade and you stand there defenseless. “Die! Ye bastard!” he shouts before thrusting the blade through your torso, and it’s the last thing you hear before you die.
+20I/-3L
false
Picking up a couple of stones off the ground you nod your head to the bailiff, and even though he’s fighting for his life he seems to understand what you’re planning to do. With the element of surprise you throw the stone aiming for the head, and whether it be luck or talent the stone hits its target, knocking one of the bandits unconscious and the other one briefly confused. Enough so that the bailiff manages to strike him down with a killing blow. The bailiff then proceeds to plunge his sword into the unconscious bandit, before succumbing to his wounds. His knees buckle and you run up to him. “Let me help you! I can stop your bleeding!” you say, and begin to unstrap his armor.
Picking up a couple of stones off the ground you nod your head to the bailiff, and even though he’s fighting for his life he seems to understand what you’re planning to do. With the element of surprise you throw the stone aiming for the head, and whether it be luck or talent the stone hits its target, knocking one of the bandits unconscious and the other one briefly startled. Enough so that the bailiff manages to strike him down with a killing blow. The bailiff then proceeds to plunge his sword into the unconscious bandit, before succumbing to his wounds. His knees buckle and you run up to him. “I will try to help you! Perhaps I can stop the bleeding somehow!” you say, and begin to unstrap his armor. Time goes by, but you’re unable to patch his wounds and finally you hear as he takes his last breath. Standing up you feel as something pushes you slightly to the side. However, no one is standing anywhere near you. Another push makes you stumble backwards, and you look down to see two arrows planted in your stomach. In the distance you see one of the bandits with a bow smile at you as your vision fades to black.
+20T/-3L
false
You made the decision. Even if the bailiff can win this battle he won’t be able to survive his injuries. This way his death can actually do some good – at least that’s what you tell yourself as you sneak around and position yourself behind the bailiff. As their swords clash with one another, you discreetly pick up the sword left by the dead bandit and – without the bailiff noticing, you thrust the tip of the sword in his back. His knees buckles and within seconds you can tell he’s no longer breathing. Hopefully he didn’t suffer much in the end. In front of you the two bandits are left standing, unsure what to make of you. “Allow me to join you!” you say out loudly. The two bandits nod to themselves.
You made the decision. Even if the bailiff can win this battle he won’t be able to survive his injuries. This way his death can actually do some good – at least that’s what you tell yourself as you sneak around and position yourself behind the bailiff. As their swords clash with one another, you discreetly pick up the sword left by the dead bandit and – without the bailiff noticing, you attempt to strike him from behind. But you aren’t as silent as you thought as he steps out of the way of your blade. Instead your blade strikes one of the bandits in the kneecap, and seeing how your strike was obviously meant for him – the bailiff takes the opportunity to cut you down with a swing from his sword. The slash of his sword sends you flying off to the side. You feel as your life is waning. Your vision darkens and you succumb to your wounds.